is
I won with a winning goal the well of 350 thousand
soles hollow war of 10 thousand advantage
Suns
Y
and the river match with Argentines
juniors when he won river 2 to 1 I put myself
excited since I could not believe it
I thought they were going to do the well
divided by 4 to 3 people but when
go down early Monday to my cabin
from the internet to see I saw that it was a single
winner and I could not believe it
look I went to the point of luck that Thursday
I asked for the voucher of the results not and
then there I found out that there was
successful in the wake of the blowout
It was a tremendous emotion to know that
I had won that money I could not believe it
really
ah
first pay the bank because I've
published my house
what the rest of the money for the
study of my children finish my
studies ends my career and help
my son that I have a son too
happy to have won very happy to have
won if I go out with my family with my
children ability to use it I'm very
happy is an emotion that I can not join
I 'm not so stressful
thanks intralot thanks intralot